T represent that my performance of all the terms of this Intellectual Property Agreement
will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information acquired by me in
confidence or in trust prior to my Relationship with the Company. | have not entered into, and I
agree I will not enter into, any oral or written agreement in conflict herewith. I agree to execute
any proper oath or verify any proper document required to carry out the terms of this Intellectual
Property Agreement.

Ae Equitable Relief

The Company and | each agree that disputes relating to or arising out of a breach of the
covenants contained in this Intellectual Property Agreement may cause the Company or me, as
applicable, to suffer irreparable harm and to have no adequate remedy at law. In the event of any
such breach or default by a party, or any threat of such breach or default, the other party will be
entitled to injunctive relief, specific performance and other equitable relief. The parties further
agree that no bond or other security shall be required in obtaining such equitable relief and hereby
consents to the issuance of such injunction and to the ordering of specific performance.

8. General Provisions

(a) | Governing Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction. This Intellectual Property
Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California as they apply to contracts entered
into and wholly to be performed within such state. I hereby expressly consent to the nonexclusive
personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the federal Northern
District of California for any lawsuit filed there by either party arising from or relating to this
Intellectual Property Agreement.

(b) Entire Agreement. This Intellectual Property Agreement sets forth the entire
agreement and understanding between the Company and me relating to the subject matter herein
and merges all prior discussions between us. No modification of or amendment to this Intellectual
Property Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Intellectual Property Agreement, will
be effective unless in writing signed by the party to be charged. Any subsequent change or changes
in my duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Intellectual
Property Agreement.

(c) Severability. If one or more of the provisions in this Intellectual Property
Agreement are deemed void by law, then the remaining provisions will continue in full force and

effect.

(d) Successors and Assigns. This Intellectual Property Agreement will be binding
upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives and will be for the benefit
of the Company and its successors and assigns.

[Signature Page Follows]

A-5

76409-0001/LEGAL20300065.1
